README.md, before:

# Welcome to the Themed PHP User Login and Registration System
## Overview

This system provides a simple themed user login and registration functionality using MySql to store user details.
This script utilizes Brute Force and CSRF protections, as well as being able to use 2FA, and has configurable google and facebook
OAuth logins.

### Current Date
`2025-08-02`

## Admin Files
- `admin.js`
- `account.php`
- `accounts.php`
- `accounts_export.php`
- `accounts_import.php`
- `email_templates.php`
- `index.php`
- `main.php`
- `roles.php`
- `settings.php`
- `admin.scss`
- `admin.css`

## Main App Files
- `activation-email-template.html`
- `contact-email-template.html`
- `notification-email-template.html`
- `resetpass-email-template.html`
- `twofactor-email-template.html`
- `README.md`
- `about.php`
- `activate.php`
- `authenticate.php`
- `avatar.php`
- `config.php`
- `contact.php`
- `facebook-oauth.php`
- `footer.php`
- `forgot-password.php`
- `google-oauth.php`
- `header.php`
- `index.php`
- `login.php`
- `logout.php`
- `main.php`
- `page.php`
- `profile.php`
- `register.php`
- `register-process.php`
- `resend-activation.php`
- `reset-password.php`
- `twofactor.php`
- `mysql.sql`

## PHP User Login and Registration System with MySQL

Written in PHP this script uses MySql to store user details. It has two user roles: admin and member.
I have setup one user for each role with default values. Users and admins can edit their user 
details from the 'edit profile' link in their dashboard.

**User**: Admin\
**Password**: admin

**User**: Member\
**Password**: member

You can add, edit and delete users through the admin panel, or users can register on the website itself.
The script will check to see if the email address has already been used. You can have as many members or admins as you need.

## Session timeout
The session timeout has been set to one hour. You can change the duration in the settings menu of the admin panel, or direclty in config.php.

## Google OAuth Sign In
For google oauth to work you need to configure oauth in your google workspace dashboard, then replace the following in the settings menu of the admin panel, or directly in config.php:

Replace **YOUR_CLIENT_ID** with your google auth client ID\
Replace **YOUR_SECRET_KEY** with your google auth client secret\
Replace http://loginregistration-themed.local:8890/google-oauth.php with your website URL/google-oauth.php\

Note that google login has not been tested on a public domain. Use at your own risk.

## Facebook OAuth Sign In
For facebook oauth to work you'll need to create a Facebook App, then replace the following in the settings menu of the admin panel, or directly in config.php:

Replace **YOUR_CLIENT_ID** with your facebook oauth app ID\
Replace **YOUR_SECRET_KEY** with your facebook oauth app secret\
Replace http://loginregistration-themed.local:8890/google-oauth.php with your website URL/facebook-oauth.php\

Note that facebook login has not been tested on a public domain. Use at your own risk.

Commit message:

Moved database details to .env file - added .env.example

README.md, after:

# Welcome to the Themed PHP User Login and Registration System
## Overview

This system provides a simple themed user login and registration functionality using MySql to store user details.
This script utilizes Brute Force and CSRF protections, as well as being able to use 2FA, and has configurable google and facebook
OAuth logins.

For your database connection to work, rename .env.example to .env, and add you database connection credentials there.

### Current Date
`2025-08-02`

## Admin Files
- `admin.js`
- `account.php`
- `accounts.php`
- `accounts_export.php`
- `accounts_import.php`
- `email_templates.php`
- `index.php`
- `main.php`
- `roles.php`
- `settings.php`
- `admin.scss`
- `admin.css`

## Main App Files
- `activation-email-template.html`
- `contact-email-template.html`
- `notification-email-template.html`
- `resetpass-email-template.html`
- `twofactor-email-template.html`
- `README.md`
- `about.php`
- `activate.php`
- `authenticate.php`
- `avatar.php`
- `config.php`
- `contact.php`
- `facebook-oauth.php`
- `footer.php`
- `forgot-password.php`
- `google-oauth.php`
- `header.php`
- `index.php`
- `login.php`
- `logout.php`
- `main.php`
- `page.php`
- `profile.php`
- `register.php`
- `register-process.php`
- `resend-activation.php`
- `reset-password.php`
- `twofactor.php`
- `mysql.sql`

## PHP User Login and Registration System with MySQL

Written in PHP this script uses MySql to store user details. It has two user roles: admin and member.
I have setup one user for each role with default values. Users and admins can edit their user 
details from the 'edit profile' link in their dashboard.

**User**: Admin\
**Password**: admin

**User**: Member\
**Password**: member

You can add, edit and delete users through the admin panel, or users can register on the website itself.
The script will check to see if the email address has already been used. You can have as many members or admins as you need.

## Session timeout
The session timeout has been set to one hour. You can change the duration in the settings menu of the admin panel, or direclty in config.php.

## Google OAuth Sign In
For google oauth to work you need to configure oauth in your google workspace dashboard, then replace the following in the settings menu of the admin panel, or directly in config.php:

Replace **YOUR_CLIENT_ID** with your google auth client ID\
Replace **YOUR_SECRET_KEY** with your google auth client secret\
Replace http://loginregistration-themed.local:8890/google-oauth.php with your website URL/google-oauth.php\

Note that google login has not been tested on a public domain. Use at your own risk.

## Facebook OAuth Sign In
For facebook oauth to work you'll need to create a Facebook App, then replace the following in the settings menu of the admin panel, or directly in config.php:

Replace **YOUR_CLIENT_ID** with your facebook oauth app ID\
Replace **YOUR_SECRET_KEY** with your facebook oauth app secret\
Replace http://loginregistration-themed.local:8890/google-oauth.php with your website URL/facebook-oauth.php\

Note that facebook login has not been tested on a public domain. Use at your own risk.
